Change focus behavior on click (#313)
sparksuite/react-accessible-dropdown-menu-hook: website/docs/design/options.md

Option | Default | Possible values
:--- | :--- | :---
`focusFirstItemOnClick` | `false` | `boolean`

Option | Explanation
:--- | :---

> `focusFirstItemOnClick` | If specified as `true` the first menu item will be focused on click as well as on keyboard interaction.

Reviewer: I'd like to reword this for additional clarity:

```suggestion
`focusFirstItemOnClick` | If specified as `true`, the first menu item will be focused when the menu is opened via a click (in addition to via a keyboard interaction).
```
